README.md, before:

<!--
**unixorn/unixorn** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
### Hi there 👋

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

I'm an SRE and live in Denver.

- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- 💬 My blog is at [unixorn.github.io](https://unixorn.github.io/post/).
- 🔭 When I'm not maintaining my various lists and projects, I’m usually tinkering on some IOT (More specifically, Home Assistant) projects or playing around with some ARM boards.
- ⚡ I like to cook
- ⚡ I enjoy hiking and have summited a couple fourteeners (Quandary and Mt. Bierstadt).

If you like the lists I'm maintaining or the other projects I blog about, you can [sponsor me](https://github.com/sponsors/unixorn), or buy geeky swag from my [redbubble shop](https://www.redbubble.com/people/unixorn/shop).

![GH Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=unixorn)

Commit message:

Cryptocoin can fuck right off
Add that I'm not interested in crypto

README.md, after:

<!--
**unixorn/unixorn** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
### Hi there 👋

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

I'm an SRE and live in Denver. Don't contact me about cryptocoin "opportunities" - kleptocoin is an ecological disaster and ponzi scam and I want nothing to do with it.

- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- 💬 My blog is at [unixorn.github.io](https://unixorn.github.io/post/).
- 🔭 When I'm not maintaining my various lists and projects, I’m usually tinkering on some IOT (More specifically, Home Assistant) projects or playing around with some ARM boards.
- ⚡ I like to cook
- ⚡ I enjoy hiking and have summited a couple fourteeners (Quandary and Mt. Bierstadt).

If you like the lists I'm maintaining or the other projects I blog about, you can [sponsor me](https://github.com/sponsors/unixorn), or buy geeky swag from my [redbubble shop](https://www.redbubble.com/people/unixorn/shop).

![GH Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=unixorn)
